Preserve unwrapped comments (#1352)
ocaml-ppx/ocamlformat: CHANGES.md

    Placement of documentation comments on `val` and `external` items is now
    controled by `doc-comments` unless this option is set.

> #### Bug fixes

Reviewer: It isn't clear to me that this is a bug fix, seems more like a feature

>   + Preserve unwrapped comments by not adding artificial breaks when `wrap-comments=false` and `ocp-indent-compat=true` are set to not interfere with ocp-indent indentation. (#1352) (Guillaume Petiot)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + Preserve unwrapped comments by not adding artificial breaks when `wrap-comments=false` and `ocp-indent-compat=true` are set to avoid interfering with ocp-indent indentation. (#1352) (Guillaume Petiot)
```
